ITEM 1A.RISK FACTORS The following is a description of the principal risks inherent in our business. We are affected by factors that adversely impact the commercial aviation industry. As a provider of products and services to the commercial aviation industry, we are greatly affected by overall economic conditions of that industry. The commercial aviation industry is historically cyclical and has been negatively affected in the past by geopolitical events, high fuel and oil prices, lack of capital, and weak economic conditions. As a result of these and other events, from time to time certain of our customers have filed for bankruptcy protection or ceased operation. The impact of instability in the global financial markets may lead airlines to reduce domestic or international capacity. In addition, certain of our airline customers have in the past been impacted by tight credit markets, which limited their ability to buy parts, services, engines, and aircraft. A reduction in the operating fleet of aircraft both in the U.S. and abroad will result in reduced demand for parts support and maintenance activities for the type of aircraft affected. A deteriorating airline environment may also result in additional airline bankruptcies, and in such circumstances we may not be able to fully collect outstanding accounts receivable. Reduced demand from customers caused by weak economic conditions, including tight credit conditions and customer bankruptcies, may adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth rates may be adversely affected by these and other events that impact the aviation industry, including the following: ●deterioration in the financial condition of our existing and potential customers; ●reductions in the need for, or the deferral of, aircraft maintenance and repair services and spare parts support; ●retirement of older generation aircraft, resulting in lower prices for spare parts and services for those aircraft; ●reductions in demand for used aircraft and engines; ●increased in-house maintenance by airlines; ●lack of parts in the marketplace; ●acts of terrorism; ●future outbreaks of infectious diseases; and ●acts of God. The coronavirus pandemic has had a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, operating results, financial condition, and liquidity, and the duration and extent of the pandemic could prolong or increase the adverse impact. In December 2019, an outbreak of COVID-19 originated in Wuhan, China, and in March 2020, the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a pandemic. Many countries, including the United States, have declared states of emergency and taken steps to restrict air travel, and many companies have adopted policies prohibiting non-essential business travel by their employees. Even in the absence of formal restrictions and prohibitions, contagious illness and fear of contagion has adversely affected travel demand and travel behavior. Passenger airline traffic has declined significantly since March 2020, and the decrease had a material negative impact on the financial results for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. We expect to continue to see reduced demand in our non-cargo commercial businesses. Moreover, if the COVID-19 pandemic continues to result in decreased worldwide commercial activity, it could also adversely affect the demand for airline cargo services. Reduced numbers of aircraft flying or flight hours negatively impacts the demand for our services, and any prolonged reduction could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and liquidity. In addition, we source parts and components for our business from various suppliers around the world. Disruptions to our supply chain and business operations, or to our suppliers’ or customers’ supply chains and business operations, could have adverse effects on our ability to provide aftermarket support and services. Moreover, a prolonged epidemic or pandemic, or the threat thereof, could result in worker absences, lower productivity, voluntary closure of our offices and facilities, travel restrictions for our employees and other disruptions to our business. Any of these could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The Company has taken a number of actions in response to decreased demand. In addition to reducing operating expenditures for fiscal 2021 (including by implementing furloughs, eliminating certain employee and contractor positions, temporarily reducing senior employee and director compensation, consolidating facilities and eliminating non-essential spending), we have taken steps to improve our liquidity, including drawing down our Revolving Credit Facility and seeking financial assistance under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (“CARES Act”). Certain subsidiaries of the Company have been approved to r