ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Dollars in millions) Background and Forward-Looking Statements The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations, and quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in this Form 10-K, as well as Part II, Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2019, which provides additional information on comparisons of fiscal 2019 and 2018. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contain certain statements relating to future results, which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions and estimates based on information available to us as of the dates such assumptions and estimates are made, and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including those factors discussed under Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Should one or more of those risks or uncertainties materialize adversely, or should underlying assumptions or estimates prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described. Those events and uncertainties are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many are beyond our control. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. General Overview We report our activities in two business segments: Aviation Services comprised of supply chain and maintenance, repair and overhaul (“MRO”) activities and Expeditionary Services comprised of manufacturing activities. The Aviation Services segment consists of aftermarket support and services offerings that provide spare parts and maintenance support for aircraft operated by our commercial and government/defense customers. Sales in the Aviation Services segment are derived from the sale and lease of a wide variety of new, overhauled and repaired engine and airframe parts and components to the commercial aviation and government and defense markets. We provide customized inventory supply chain management, performance based logistics programs, customer fleet management and operations, and aircraft component repair management services. The segment also includes repair, maintenance and overhaul of aircraft, landing gear and components. Cost of sales consists principally of the cost of product, direct labor, and overhead. The Expeditionary Services segment consists of primarily manufacturing operations with sales derived from the design and manufacture of pallets, shelters, and containers used to support the U.S. military’s requirements for a mobile and agile force including engineering, design, and system integration services for specialized command and control systems. This segment also designs and manufactures advanced composite materials for commercial, business and military aircraft. Cost of sales consists principally of the cost of material to manufacture products, direct labor and overhead. Our chief operating decision making officer (Chief Executive Officer) evaluates performance based on the reportable segments and utilizes gross profit as a primary profitability measure. Gross profit is calculated by subtracting cost of sales from sales. The assets and certain expenses related to corporate activities are not allocated to the segments. Our reportable segments are aligned principally around differences in products and services. Business Trends and Outlook Fiscal 2020 began with strategic initiatives focused on growth and execution across all of our activities in the commercial and government markets. Our momentum from a successful fiscal 2019 carried into the new year as we saw continued strength in our parts supply activities, as well as in government programs. We also realized the positive impact our efforts to attract and retain talent had in our MRO activities. We succeeded in enhancing customer relationships with multiple commercial and government customers. In fiscal 2020, we were awarded a new $118 million contract from the Naval Air Systems Command in support of the U.S. Marine Corps for the procurement, modification and delivery of two C-40 aircraft. This award demonstrates the power of our integrated services model by combining the strengths of our parts supply, government programs, MRO, and engineering teams to deliver a creative solution to the U.S. Marine Corps. We were also awarded new long-term contracts across our parts supply activities including 