ITEM 1.BUSINESS General AAR CORP. and its subsidiaries are referred to herein collectively as “AAR,” “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” unless the context indicates otherwise. AAR was founded in 1951, organized in 1955 and reincorporated in Delaware in 1966. We are a diversified provider of products and services to the worldwide aviation and government and defense markets. Fiscal 2020 began with strategic initiatives focused on growth and execution across all of our activities in the commercial and government markets. Our momentum from a successful fiscal 2019 carried into the new year as we saw continued strength in our parts supply activities, as well as in government programs. We also realized the positive impact our efforts to attract and retain talent had in our maintenance, repair and overhaul (“MRO”) activities. We succeeded in enhancing customer relationships with multiple commercial and government customers. In fiscal 2020, we were awarded a new $118 million contract from the Naval Air Systems Command in support of the U.S. Marine Corps for the procurement, modification and delivery of two C-40 aircraft. This award demonstrates the power of our integrated services model by combining the strengths of our parts supply, government programs, MRO, and engineering teams to deliver a creative solution to the U.S. Marine Corps. We were also awarded new long-term contracts across our parts supply activities including multiple distribution agreements for new parts and our largest commercial agreement in Japan to date covering aftermarket engine components. Our strategy to exit the capital-intensive Contractor-Owned, Contractor-Operated (“COCO”) business was also completed in fiscal 2020 as all of its assets and contracts were sold. As we continued to successfully execute on our recent contract awards over the last few years, we achieved strong sales growth through the first nine months of fiscal 2020 and were on track for a record year. Sales had increased $166.4 million or 11.2% over the prior year period primarily due to an increase in sales of $175.5 million or 12.5% in our Aviation Services segment reflecting the growth from new contract awards and successful execution across our Aviation Services activities. Upon entering the fourth quarter in March, we began to see the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the commercial aviation industry. In response to the impact from COVID-19, we implemented significant actions to reduce fixed costs and overhead which included a freeze on new hiring, reducing or eliminating all non-essential spend, reducing compensation and benefits, furloughs, a reduction in force, and closure of an airframe maintenance facility. During the fourth quarter, we also exited underperforming contracts and assets across our operations and decided to exit our joint venture investment in a Malaysian landing gear wheel and brake facility. Additionally, in June 2020, we decided to sell our composites manufacturing business which is consistent with our multi-year strategy to focus our portfolio on our core services offerings. We have also taken actions to preserve flexibility in our liquidity. In the fourth quarter, we elected to draw down our remaining available borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility with the majority of that additional funding remaining in our cash accounts. We elected to borrow these additional amounts as a precautionary measure in light of economic and market uncertainty presented by COVID-19. Over the long-term, we expect to see continued strength in our Aviation Services segment given its offerings of value-added services to both commercial and government and defense customers. We believe long-term commercial aftermarket growth trends are favorable although there is uncertainty in certain fleet types as commercial operators re-evaluate their structure. Our results of operations are affected by the amount of commercial aircraft flying and flight hours. The current COVID-19 pandemic has decreased the amount of commercial aircraft flying and flight hours and has created significant economic disruption. Business Segments Aviation Services The Aviation Services segment provides aftermarket support and services for the commercial aviation and government and defense markets and accounted for approximately 95% of our sales in fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018. In this segment, we also provide inventory management and distribution services, MRO, and engineering services. Business activities in this segment are primarily conducted through AAR Supply Chain, Inc.; AAR Government Services, Inc.; AAR Aircraft & Engine Sales & Leasing, Inc.; AAR Aircraft Services, Inc.; AAR Allen Services, Inc.; AAR Landing Gear LLC; AAR Airlift Group, Inc.; and AAR International, Inc. We sell and lease a wide variety of new, overhauled and repaired engine and airframe parts and components and aircraft to our commercial aviation and government/defense customers. We provide customized flight hour componen